Triton FIL backend XGBoost notebook and README (#112)
triton-inference-server/fil_backend: notebooks/README.md

# Trtion FIL backend with XGBoost

This notebook is a reference for deploying a forest model trained using XGBoost library in Triton Inference Server with Forest Inference Library (FIL) backend. The notebook explains how one can deploy XGBoost model in Triton, check deployment status and send inference requests, set concurrent model execution and dynamic batching and find the best deployment configuration using Model Analyzer.

## Requirements

> * Nvidia GPU (T4 or V100 or A100)

Reviewer: Let's make it clear that these are not the *only* GPUs that work for this, just the recommended ones.

Reviewer 2: It would be best to specify the GPU architecture (i.e. Pascal+ or Volta+) as well as recommended GPUs

* [Latest NVIDIA driver](https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/tesla/tesla-installation-notes/index.html)
* [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)
* [The NVIDIA container toolkit](https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/cloud-native/container-toolkit/install-guide.html#docker)

## Run the Triton Inference Server container 

> To run this notebook, pull the Triton container as mentioned in the README of [Triton Inference Server FIL backend](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/fil_backend) Github repo. Before running the container, clone the repository and then run the container:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run this notebook, pull the Triton container as mentioned in the README of [Triton Inference Server FIL backend](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/fil_backend#pre-built-container) Github repo. Before running the container, clone the repository and then run the container:
```

```
git clone https://github.com/triton-inference-server/fil_backend.git
cd fil_backend/notebooks

docker run \
  - it \
  --gpus=all \
  --rm \

>   --net=host \

Reviewer: Can we just expose the correct ports rather than using `--net=host`?

  -v $PWD:/data \
  nvcr.io/nvidia/tritonserver:<tag>    # Put the appropriate tag here
  
```

## Install Jupyter notebook inside the Triton container
```

> pip3 install jupyter notebook

Reviewer: Are both of these packages necessary?

Author: Jupyter notebook is not installed by default in the triton container. We'll need it to run the notebook in docker environment

Reviewer: Yep, but I think only `notebook` is sufficient to run the notebook, and I believe that is the recommended package for Jupyter installs

# Trtion FIL backend with XGBoost

This notebook is a reference for deploying a forest model trained using XGBoost library in Triton Inference Server with Forest Inference Library (FIL) backend. The notebook explains how one can deploy XGBoost model in Triton, check deployment status and send inference requests, set concurrent model execution and dynamic batching and find the best deployment configuration using Model Analyzer.

## Requirements
* Nvidia GPU (Pascal+ Recommended GPUs: T4, V100 or A100)
* [Latest NVIDIA driver](https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/tesla/tesla-installation-notes/index.html)
* [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)
* [The NVIDIA container toolkit](https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/cloud-native/container-toolkit/install-guide.html#docker)

## Run the Triton Inference Server container 

> **Note:** Please build the container locally inorder to use `model_analyzer` until the 21.08 release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Due to a bug in release 21.07, Triton's `model_analyzer` cannot be used with the FIL backend until 21.08 is finalized. **Until then, you will need to build locally rather than pulling a pre-built container.** In the meantime, please follow [the instructions](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/fil_backend#building-locally) in the top-level README to build a development version of the 21.08 release.
```

Reviewer: Also, please link to the relevant section of the README.

To run this notebook, pull the Triton container or build the container locally as mentioned in the README of [Triton Inference Server FIL backend](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/fil_backend#pre-built-container) Github repo. Before running the container, clone the repository and then run the container:

```
git clone https://github.com/triton-inference-server/fil_backend.git
cd fil_backend/notebooks

docker run \
  -it \
  --gpus=all \
  --rm \
  --net=host \
  -v $PWD:/notebook \                    
  nvcr.io/nvidia/tritonserver:<tag>  # Put the appropriate tag here.  
```

> **Note:** The artifacts created by scripts inside the container are created with root permission. The user on host machine might not be able to modify the artifacts once the container exists. To avoid this issue, either make sure you have `sudo` access on host machine or copy the notebook `docker cp simple_xgboost_example.ipynb <docker_ID>` and create the artifacts inside the container.

Reviewer: Let's do one or the other here. It makes more sense to do the `docker cp` than fiddle with the permissions issues, so let's stick with that. Eliminate the bindmount and make the instructions for the `cp` clear and consistent with other instructions in this README.

Reviewer: Also have them name the container at launch so they can `cp` directly to that name

Author: Yes, added `--name triton_fil` to the docker run command

**Note:** Due to a bug in release 21.07, Triton's `model_analyzer` cannot be used with the FIL backend until 21.08 is finalized. **Until then, you will need to build locally rather than pulling a pre-built container.** In the meantime, please follow [the instructions](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/fil_backend#building-locally) in the top-level README to build a development version of the 21.08 release.

Before running the container, clone the repository and then run the container:

```
git clone https://github.com/triton-inference-server/fil_backend.git
cd fil_backend

docker run \
  -it \
  --gpus=all \
  --rm \
  --net=host \
  --name triton_fil
  nvcr.io/nvidia/tritonserver:<tag>  # Put the appropriate tag here.  
```

**Note:** The artifacts created by scripts inside the container are created with root permission. The user on host machine might not be able to modify the artifacts once the container exists. To avoid this issue, copy the notebook `docker cp simple_xgboost_example.ipynb <docker_ID>` and create the artifacts inside the container.

Now open up another terminal and copy the notebook from host into the container as follows:
```

> export CONTAINERID=$(docker ps -aqf "name=triton_fil")

Reviewer: Again, let's just name the container when we invoke it to avoid this additional step

Author: Removed the additional step and modified docker cp command: 
`docker cp notebooks/ triton_fil:/`
